Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a supernatural
drama film called A Ghost Story.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take careC and M are husband
and wife that happily live together in a small
house in Dallas, Texas.
The spouses are planning their big move and
are looking for a new home.
She tells him that before she moves out from
a place, it is her habit to hide a note for
herself in there in case she returns.
While cuddling on their living room couch,
they hear weird and creaky noises.
C looks at the wall and sees refractions of
light forming on the ceiling as well.
C is a talented musician; as he works from
home, M looks at house and apartment listings
on the internet to plan where they'll live.
However, C does not seem too keen on looking
forward to leaving home.
That afternoon, C drags some of their belongings
across the yard.
Without the help of her husband, she struggles
to carry the heavy stuff.
That night while they are sleeping, they hear
a loud noise coming from downstairs.
It seems like someone or something moved the
piano, which came with the house.
C and M both come down, clueless about what
could have caused the noise.
After some time of checking everywhere, they
still couldn't find the source.
They go back to bed and continue to share
an intimate moment until they fall asleep.The
following day, smoke fills the air just outside
their house—two cars collided just in front
of their yard.
C was the other driver.
The car is completely smashed as his lifeless
body sits still in the car while they wait
for help.
At the hospital, a doctor accompanies M to
the room where her now late husband is.
M seems to have an underwhelming reaction
as the doctor reveals the sheet to her.
Everything seems to be a shock to her still.
The doctor leaves the room to give her some
privacy and space to grieve C's passing.
She stares at her husband, covers his body,
and then leaves.After several minutes, C awakens
as a ghost.
Based on his demeanour, he seems confused
as to why he is there.
He wanders around the hospital from his room,
still covered in the sheet, but no one notices
him.
He walks by different rooms and different
people, but he remains invisible to them.
Near the exit, a door of light takes form
and opens up before him.
He shows no interest in the door and stares
at it, so it closes.
He continues to wander and walk for miles
until he arrives at their home.
He enters the house and goes to different
rooms to observe and look around.
In the kitchen, he sees a photograph of him
and his wife as Linda, their realtor, walks
by the window.
She enters the house, bringing a homemade
dish, and goes around the house like it's
hers.
C just stares at the woman from a corner.
The woman leaves after leaving a note for
M to call her if she needs anything.
C reads the note and sees M enter the house.
This is the first time that he has seen her
since the accident.
At this point, M looks extremely sad and not
her true self.
She goes through letters sent to her and decides
to eat the pie from Linda.
M eats the pie at their kitchen counter and
does it disturbingly.
It seems like her will to live is also out
the window.
As she eats the pie on the floor, C just looks
at her from a distance.
After just forcing herself to eat, M runs
to the bathroom to throw up.
Without C, the house feels incredibly dull
and empty as his music used to fill the air.
M looks at their bed in their room and hugs
the sheets that still have C's scent.
She cries, and C starts to console her by
touching her shoulder.
But this is ineffective because he is invisible
to her.
Eventually, she cries herself to sleep, and
C is just watching over her.
The next day, he looks through the window
and sees another ghost next door, also covered
in a sheet.
M wakes up to watch the rain outside.
After, she cleans the house, changes the bedsheets,
and gets ready to go out.
Days go by, and C just watches her longingly
whenever she walks out the door.
He lingers around the home and reminisces
memories of when he was alive.
He sits at their bed and decides to take a
look at the other ghost again.
This time, it waves at him, and he returns
the gesture.
Somehow, both of them can communicate without
the use of words or signs.
The neighbour ghost says that he is waiting
for someone; C asks who it replies by saying
that it does not remember who it's waiting
for.One night, C is sitting on the living
room couch.
Suddenly, M arrives with a man, whom she hugs
and kisses.
She welcomes the man inside.
Even as a ghost, C feels a sense of jealousy.
Because of this, he controls the lights to
turn it on and off.
He also hurls books from the shelf, leaving
M clueless.
She browses through the pages and sees relatable
phrases that have an impact on her experiences.
M remembers a flashback of when C used to
make her listen to his songs and compositions.
On the floor, she listens to the music intently
and longs for him even more.
The memory of her listening to the song for
the first time is very much vivid in her mind.M
decides to move out and puts their belongings
in boxes while movers arrive.
The whole house is about to be empty, and
C patiently follows her around while she arranges
things.
She paints the walls a brighter colour.
The refraction of light that C noticed before
appears by the doorway.
She comes closer to take a better look.
Just like what she told C, before leaving,
she writes a short note and securely hides
it in the wall's gap.
M takes a final look at the house and leaves.
C stays behind and sees her leave the place
they both called home for a considerable time.
While driving away, M seems ready to build
a new life without her partner, but sadness
still fills her eyes.
Now alone in the house, C tries to pick at
the gap where M left the note.
But all of a sudden, two children enter the
house, and this catches his attention.
He tries to follow the children around.
A family moves and settles into the house.
C watches them share meals, talk, play the
piano, and celebrate Christmas as one happy
family.
There is too much going on at the house compared
to when M was the only one living there.
This makes C move around more.
Eventually, he becomes more agitated; the
children start to sense his presence and grow
scared of him.
One night, the young boy wakes up from a noise
coming from the closet.
He wakes his sister up as well for comfort.
C scares them by opening the closet door and
revealing himself.
However, the young boy points a toy gun at
him, acting like he is not scared.
C scares the family once again when one night,
he sees a family portrait of them and knocks
it.
The frame's glass got broken, but the family
continues to have their meal.
Unsatisfied with their reaction, C lifts a
glass of milk and throws it on the floor.
The mother is shocked to witness the hovering
of the glass.
He carries on with throwing plates around
the house out of anger.
The lights start to flicker as the family
watches in panic and confusion.
After the paranormal incident, the mother
cleans up the kitchen—putting the broken
plates in a box.
Eventually, the family moves out, leaving
C all alone again.
He still tries to scratch and picks the gap
where M left the note but fails.
He comes to the window and sees the other
ghost next door.
It is sitting by the window, looking like
it's waiting for someone.
It asks C who's with him, and he replies that
he is alone in the house.Time passes by, and
new occupants vacate the house.
They throw a party, and the number of people
present and the noise overwhelms C. He moves
around to check on people and the things that
they do.
Almost all the people at the party are drunk
as C just observes them.
He listens to a conversation between middle-aged
men and women who are talking about God.
One of them explains that pieces of the past
will remain forever, including Beethoven's
symphonies, the end of the world, and the
memories that people leave behind after death.
The man's words create an impact on C. He
listens attentively to their conversation.
The man then describes theBig Crunchtheory,
concluding that the entire universe will surely
collapse back into a singularity.
The partygoers notice the lights flickering.
When C starts feeling strong emotions, he
can scare people, which is the nature of ghosts.Again,
occupants move out.
The house is now abandoned and in ruins.
After all this time, C is still trying to
get hold of the note that M left in the gap
in the wall.
He finally manages to get the note out of
the wall, but just as he does, bulldozers
arrive and start to level the house, along
with the one next door.
The house is now being demolished to pieces
while C watches.
For the first time, C and the ghost next door
see the outside world.
They look at each other atop the wood and
rubble of their former homes, clueless about
what will happen next.
The ghost next door realizes that there is
nothing left to do.
It tells C that "they are not coming back",
instantly, it vanishes under the sheet, which
crumples to the ground.A big construction
project takes over the house.
C watches as the skyscraper is built where
his house once stood.
He walks around the building, seemingly lost.
It is now a corporate building with multiple
offices inside.
He just observes people going about their
day at work.
He heads to the rooftop that overlooks a great
cityscape.
The area once filled with trees in the middle
of nowhere is now futuristic and modern.
C gets on the ledge and decides to jump.
After his fall, he finds himself in an empty
field.
A man is staking out a claim on which piece
of land to build a house.
A family arrives on a carriage and settles
at the place while their house is about to
start construction.
C watches the family's young daughter after
she hums one of his song compositions.
The young girl writes a note on a piece of
paper and hides it under a rock.
This gives C an all too familiar feeling.
Because he is in a different era, the family
dies after an attack.
C just sits and watches their corpses decay
over time, causing fields to grow over them.All
of a sudden, C is inside their original house
again.
His living self and his wife arrive at the
house with the real estate agent.
He asks the agent about the piano, which she
says has "it has always been here."
The living C takes a look around the house
and gets a weird feeling.
As the ghost of C watches the couple when
they move in, he sees the moments that the
living C and M share.
He also senses tension in the marriage because
the wife wants to move out, but the husband
is hooked to the place.
The night before his death, the living C tells
M that he is now willing to move elsewhere.
The ghost of C sits at the piano, striking
the keys that cause the noise that startled
the couple in the beginning.
He sits in sadness after slightly getting
a glimpse of his past and how he could have
been a better husband.
C once again gets a look at his ghost, watching
M leave the house for good.
He approaches the wall and finally gets the
note without any struggle.
As he is about to open the note, the sheet
crumples to the floor, and just like that,
C vanishes into thin air.